RHDEVDOCS-5247: Documentation for Pipelines Resolvers (#60482)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-resolver-hub-config.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="resolver-hub-config_{context}"]
= Configuring the hub resolver

> Optionally, you can change the default hub for pulling a resource and the default catalog settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the default hub for pulling a resource, and the default catalog settings, by configuring the hub resolver.
```

.Procedure

. To edit the `TektonConfig` custom resource, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit TektonConfig config
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
`+` not needed between the steps AFAIK

> . In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, specify configuration in the `.spec.pipeline.hub-resolver-config` spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, edit the `pipeline.hub-resolver-config` spec:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.tekton.dev/v1alpha1
kind: TektonConfig
metadata:
  name: config
spec:
  pipeline:
    hub-resolver-config:
      default-tekton-hub-catalog: Tekton # <1>
      default-artifact-hub-task-catalog: tekton-catalog-tasks # <2>
      default-artifact-hub-pipeline-catalog: tekton-catalog-pipelines # <3>
      defailt-kind: pipeline # <4>
      default-type: tekton # <5>
----
<1> The default Tekton Hub catalog for pulling a resource.
<2> The default Artifact Hub catalog for pulling a task resource.
<3> The default Artifact Hub catalog for pulling a pipeline resource.
<4> The default object kind for references.

> <5> The default hub for pulling a resource, either `artifact` for {artifact-hub} Artifact Hub or `tekton` for {tekton-hub}.

Reviewer 2: This duplicates "Artifact Hub" twice, remove the hard-coded version
